How to apply decals for the Burning Man
festival:
The Burning Man festival does not allow
any trucks with corporate logos to enter
the festival.
Use these steps and the authorized decal rolls to cover all logos on your U-Haul
equipment.
Covering the logo's with any other
material can cause damage to the truck
can result in additional fees.
Identify what areas on the vehicle need
to be covered.
This includes all areas with U-Haul,
Ford and GM logos and trademarks.
Use the tape measure to determine the
appropriate size needed for decals.
Cut the appropriate size decal to
cover the logo.
The kit will work for all equipment.
You may have leftover material depending
on the size of your equipment.
Save in case it's needed at the festival.
Peel the back of the decals,
press firmly on the decals and smooth
over with your hand.
To apply the decal, careful not to cover
the equipment number on the truck as
this must stay visible.
Repeat until all logos are covered,
including the grill,
if applicable.
Before returning the truck, remove decals
and clean
properly.
Order your decal kit and learn more
about our Burning Man guidelines
at uhaul.com/burningman